Idea new intro (#514)
windup/windup-documentation: docs/topics/snippet_jdk-hardware-mac-prerequisites.adoc

* Java Development Kit (JDK) installed. {ProductShortName} supports the following JDKs:

** OpenJDK 1.8
** OpenJDK 11
** Oracle JDK 1.8
** Oracle JDK 11

* 8 GB RAM

> * If you are installing on macOS, the value of `maxproc` must be `2048` or greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* macOS installation: the value of `maxproc` must be `2048` or greater.
```
